1. Do you need these for deep learning?

   - Lots of math: False
   - Lots of data: False
   - Lots of expensive computers: False
   - A PhD: False
   
2. Name five areas where deep learning is now the best in the world.

- Natural language processing
- Tabular analysis
- Playing some games
- Financial modeling
- Kinds of medical diagnostics
- Computer vision
- Image generation
- Biology
- Robotics
- Text to speech

3. What was the name of the first device that was based on the principle of the artificial neuron?

The Mark I Perceptron

4. Based on the book of the same name, what are the requirements for parallel distributed processing (PDP)?

- A set of processing units
- A state of activation
- An output function for each unit
- A pattern of connectivity between the units
- A propogation rule for propogating patterns of activities through networks of connectivities
- An activation rule for combining the inputs impinging on a unit with the current state of the unit to produce an output for the unit
- A learning environment whereby patterns of connectivity are modified by experience
- An environment within which the system must operate

5. What were the two theoretical misunderstandings that held back the field of neural networks?

That they were unable to model even simple logic (like the XOR).
That two layers were enough to address this. Although this theoretically works, models need to be deep in practice.

6. What is a GPU?

A graphical processing unit.

7. Open a notebook and execute a cell containing: `1+1`. What happens?

2

8. Follow through each cell of the stripped version of the notebook for this chapter. Before executing each cell, guess what will happen.

Done

9. Complete the Jupyter Notebook online appendix.

Not sure.

10. Why is it hard to use a traditional computer program to recognize images in a photo?

It is very hard to accurately account for all of the variation which an image can contain, and to convey that through code can be even harder.

11. What did Samuel mean by "weight assignment"?

The assignment of parameters for a modelling function.

12. What term do we normally use in deep learning for what Samuel called "weights"?

Parameters

13. Draw a picture that summarizes Samuel's view of a machine learning model.

Input -> Processed by Weights -> Outputs -> Loss (trains weights)

14. Why is it hard to understand why a deep learning model makes a particular prediction?

Deep learning models are very complex systems, and information passes through many layers and functions before a prediction is made. This is hard for humans to follow.

15. What is the name of the theorem that shows that a neural network can solve any mathematical problem to any level of accuracy?

The universal approximation theorem.

16. What do you need in order to train a model?

Data and a loss function.

17. How could a feedback loop impact the rollout of a predictive policing model?

If a predictive policing model affects data that's being collected, it could causea feedback loop.

18. Do we always have to use 224×224-pixel images with the cat recognition model?

No, but it gets more compute intensive if you use larger images (but you get better performance).

19. What is the difference between classification and regression?

Classification predicts the likelihoods of categories. Regression predicts a continuous result.

20. What is a validation set? What is a test set? Why do we need them?

Most of your data is the training set. The model sees this and trains on it.

Some of the training set should be set aside to make sure the model is making progress (typically in between epochs). This is the validation set. 20% is a common validation set size.

A test set is a data set even the RESEARCHER doesn't see. The idea is that sometimes, the researcher's bias may be introduced (as they see results on validation sets). The test set keeps things objective.

21. What will fastai do if you don't provide a validation set?

It will take 20% of your data.

22. Can we always use a random sample for a validation set? Why or why not?

You should be able to. DOUBLE CHECK.

23. What is overfitting? Provide an example.

Overfitting is when a model "memorizes" the training data and fails to generalize to new data. This is more likely to happen for models which are higher capacity. An example would be a language model which "memorizes" certain phrases and repeats them often.

24. What is a metric? How does it differ from "loss"?

A metric is a value calculated to show humans how well a model is performing on its training data (accuracy is an example). Loss is the value that the model actually uses, which may differ.

25. How can pretrained models help?

Pretrained models can be finetuned for a specific task.

26. What is the "head" of a model?

The last layers before the output.

27. What kinds of features do the early layers of a CNN find? How about the later layers?

Early layers find basic shapes like corners, edges, and gradients. Later layers find combinations of these features, combinations of the combinations, and so on, recognizing more general patterns (people, objects, etc.)

28. Are image models only useful for photos?

No, they can be used to analyze spectrograms or other data you can visualize.

29. What is an "architecture"?

The layout/structure of a model (its size, weights, layers, etc.)

30. What is segmentation?

Splitting an image into regions based on semantic content.

31. What is `y_range` used for? When do we need it?

y_range limits the range of numeric value predictions.

32. What are "hyperparameters"?

Hyperparameters include the learning rate, batch size, and other parameters set by the researcher.

33. What's the best way to avoid failures when using AI in an organization?

1. Make sure a training, validation, and testing set is defined properly in order to evaluate the model in an appropriate manner.
2. Try out a simple baseline, which future models should hopefully beat. Or even this simple baseline may be enough in some cases.
